Update README.md (#1015)
qgis/QGIS-Website: README.md

    deactivate

> You can install all tools on go via the REQUIREMENTS.txt here at the root of this repo:

Reviewer: Actually I think it should be
```suggestion
You can install all tools in one go via the REQUIREMENTS.txt here at the root of this repo:
```
